Sessions
Question 1) How does a web server recognize a particular web browser?

Web link
None of these
Name
Cookies
Question 2) The Web is a stateful system.

True
False
Question 3) The browser does not always maintain a connection to the server.

True
False
Question 4) Cookies can be made to last for how long?

Minutes
Months
Till the session ends
Any of these
 Question 5)If a browser is contacting a server for the very first time, the browser does not send cookies in its first request.

True
False
Question 6) Sessions are server controlled and are protected from the users direct access to it.

True
False
Question 7) session_start() is used to

Relocate a session
Restore an old session
Rename a session
Make a new session
 Question 8) session_start() can be placed anywhere in the php file.

True
False
Question 9) The [_____] function is used to remove a session.

session_destroy
Question 10) $_SESSION is a

Associative array
All of these
Super global variable
Variable that stores session details
Question 11) PHP applications can make changes to the $_SESSION variable.

True
False
Question 12) End users can make changes to the $_SESSION variable.

True
False
Question 13) Generally, if there are no cookies for a web site in the browser, PHP will make a new session as soon as the user tries to access the url.

True
False
Question 14) When do session cookies expire?

After two hours
After the expire date passes
When the browser is closed
After the user closes a tab on their browser
After 24 hours
Question 15) Where are non-session cookies stored?

In the cloud on a separate memcached server 
On the hard drive of the PHP server
In the database on the server
On the hard drive of the user’s computer
In the memory of the PHP server
Question 16) What is the typical session identifier?

A large random number chosen by the server
The MD5 hash of the user’s email address
The MD5 hash of the domain name of the server
A large random number chosen by the browser
The number of seconds since January 1, 1970
Question 17) If a browser does not support cookies, how can PHP maintain a session?

By including the session identifier as a parameter every GET and POST request
By using an MD5 hash of the user’s email address as the session identifier
By using the “secure cookie” header to force the browser to set a cookie
By using the browser’s network address as the session identifier
